Add splunkhttp module and release automation (#27)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: RELEASING.md

# Release Process

## Pre-Release

Update go.mod for submodules to depend on the new release which will happen in the next step.

1. Update [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) with new the new release.

2. Run the pre-release script. It creates a branch `pre_release_<new tag>` that will contain all release changes.

    ```sh
    ./pre_release.sh -t <new tag>
    ```

3. Verify the changes.

    ```sh
    git diff
    ```

    This should have changed the version for all modules to be `<new tag>`.

4. Push the changes to upstream and create a Pull Request on GitHub.

## Tag

Once the Pull Request with all the version changes has been approved and merged it is time to tag the merged commit.

***IMPORTANT***: It is critical you use the same tag that you used in the Pre-Release step!
Failure to do so will leave things in a broken state.

***IMPORTANT***: [There is currently no way to remove an incorrectly tagged version of a Go module](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/34189).
It is critical you make sure the version you push upstream is correct.
[Failure to do so will lead to minor emergencies and tough to work around](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/issues/331).

> 1. Run on the main branch for the merged Pull Request.
> 
>     ```sh
>     make add-tag tag=<new tag>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run on the main branch and specify the commit for the merged Pull Request.

    ```sh
    make add-tag tag=<new tag> commit=<commit>
```
